- When updating the home location, also specify a direciton of travel

- Add waypoints that are relative to "home" and are updated automatically
  when the home location is updated.

- Make a *copy* of next waypoint and follow that, rather than following the
  record at the front of the queue.  This lets us update waypoints "on the
  fly" i.e. relative to a new home position.  Hmmm, but what happens if we
  power on, get our first relative waypoint, and then sit around for a *long*
  time before we launch, then the first waypoint could be way off and not
  what we want or expect?

  If we just follow the first waypoint in the queue, how do we deal with a
  situation where the waypoint jumps out from under the uas and the new
  position forces a "miss"?  Do we live with the uas looping around and trying
  again?  Maybe this will be a rare problem?

- Make "GoHome" on lost comm link timeout configurable

- ground station sends up true date so gumstix can set it's clock properly

- have "home" location selection write an entry to debug.txt
- don't write FollowRoute to debug each time we receive a message.

- Add update rate (ahrs/nav/etc.) values to the health structure so the
  ground station can evaluate the performance of the onboard computer.

- Add an altitude estimator based on the pressure sensor, but
  corrected over time by an average of the (gps - pressure) error.

April 4, 2008 (Friday)
x (Curt) When UAV loses heartbeat, head home until commanded to resume route.
x (Curt) Add telnet command reader to UGsmooth
x (Curt) add wp command parser to ugear so we can update wayponts on the fly
x (Team ATI) 2 successful launches on the catapult!  Yeehaw!

April 3, 2008 (Thursday)
x (Curt) remove test commands from UGsmooth.
x (Curt) Add autopilot targets to telemetry data being sent to ship

April 2, 2008 (Wednesday)
x (Curt) Add command parser on board ugear
x (Curt) how does target altitude property get set?  Must be specified in route?

April 1, 2008 (Tuesday)
x (Curt) Update version of ugear on Malolo2 pack (Note: rz --ymodem !)
x (Curt) Add feature to route manager to follow route or go home.

x (Curt) gpsd working and validated with Tim's handheld, ground station can
  "know" where "home" is, even when "home" is moving.
x (Curt) reglued malolo2 winglets
x (Curt) send current target waypoint index to ground station
x (Curt) move control linkages to outer hole on control horn
x (Team) 2 flawless flights (launch, flight, recovery).  47 minutes each.

March 30, 2008 (Sunday)
x (Curt) UAV sets default home location to where it sees its first "real" fix.
x (ATI team) test malolo2 servo motion and centering
x (ATI team) successful Malolo 2 maiden.
x (Ship) 3 successful UAV launches, flights, and recoveries ... glitch with
  speed controller overheating

March 29, 2008 (Saturday)
x (Curt) test malolo1 servo motion and centering
x (Jack) Update FG so it can display coordinates in decimal minutes.
x (Curt) Add uplink sequenced, verified, check summed commands to autopilot

March 28, 2008 (Friday)
x (Mike) Finalize servo install in Malolo 2 wings, finish cover plates
x (Curt) duh: switch to ":" to seperate degrees and minutes
x (Curt) Update heading calc code in ugear as per Jung's fix.
x (Curt) Test ugear heading fix
x (Curt) Update UGsmooth to display decimal minute coordinates correctly
x (Curt) Sync toughbook with latest UGsmooth version
x (Curt) Test uavpfd/uavnav on tough book to see if they will run
x (Mike) Install servos and linkages in Malolo 1 wings.
x (Mike) Cover plates for Malolo1 servo wells.
x (Curt) Test gps status annunciator on ground station

March 27, 2008 (Thursday)
x (Mike) Fabricate/install missing servo base plate in malolo 1 wing.
x (Tim) Check servo operation in Malolo 2 wings before final installation
x (Curt) Update routegen so we can accept/use decimal minute coordinates.
x (Curt) Fix route generator to stay within flight distance limit
  including distance from launch point to first point in the route and
  distance from the last route point to home.
x (Curt) but instead of limiting the route by distance, limit it by
  flight time factoring in speed, course, wind speed, wind direction.
  (AKA - Route generator should factor in wind vector and plan the
  flight based on time aloft, not distance
x (Curt) UGsmooth computes gps health and sends over to UAV_NAV/PFD
x (Curt) Have ugsmooth send lfstech structure directly, not through FG

x Add return / command direction across serial connection.

x add config file

x Autopilot!

x 2/14/2007: Better libstdc++ solution on stargate (hate to static link) :-(
  - copy libstdc++.so.5.0.5 and libgcc_s.so.1 from build tree
  - then we can dynamically link the ugear executable so it is a small upload
    and it will run on the host.
  - Not sure what else might break when libgcc_s.so.1 is replaced with a
    newer version, so heads up and eyes open ...

x 2/13/2007: Port property system to the arm (?piggy?)

x 2/13/2007: Port xml reader to the arm (?piggy?)

x 2/12/2007: Make MNAV serial device selectable from the command line

